#+latex_class: cn-article
#+latex_header: \lstset{language=c++,numbers=left,numberstyle=\tiny,basicstyle=\ttfamily\small,tabsize=4,frame=none,escapeinside=``,extendedchars=false,keywordstyle=\color{blue!70},commentstyle=\color{red!55!green!55!blue!55!},rulesepcolor=\color{red!20!green!20!blue!20!}}
#+title: Android App Programming Directed Study ~ DrawingFun
#+author: Jenny Huang

* to all

RE: Quick Meeting Proposal
Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Sent:	Monday, November 10, 2014 6:55 PM
To:	
Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Cc:	
Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu); Thompson, Emeth [thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu]

To communicate more effectively, I am writing simply to state that, Emeth, as you are the team manager, with excellent communication skills as you stated, I have to admit the fact that it must be my pleasure that my name was mentioned by you once during the past email. 

Though I don't remember anything we reached about wiki pages as reference, and how perfect it is, I choose to believe you, obey your rules, and keep quiet. Please also accept the fact that I had been passionate about my GUI interface design before, but I just lost all my interest to work on it any more at the glance of your email one minute ago, let alone the slides thing. Thank you for all the help that you have done to relax me from self-motivated passion for projects as well as presses. Believe it or not, I bet you do, nobody else can reach that, but you just did it. 

Heyan Huang

* Re: Quick Meeting Proposal
Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Sent:	Monday, November 10, 2014 5:40 PM
To:	
Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu); Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Cc:	
Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu); Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
 
My expectations are communicated to each team member. I also facilitate communication with each team member to ensure that those expectations are met. Often, I do not share my transactions with the entire group since my feedback may be only relevant to the person I am communicating with. 

I trust and respect Ranger's ability to conduct the presentation as I trust and respect every team member's ability to complete their assigned tasks. During the last meeting we agreed upon a plan to use the wiki as our supportive tool during the presentation. Heyan, if you would like to take the initiative to make slides that reflect the requirements of the presentation, then you are more than welcome to do so. We can then review the slides to ensure that they are inline with the contents of our project. Also, I do not reject any one member as the presenter but i do reject that we need more than one presenter. The presentation is only 5-7 minutes and I believe that we already have plenty that needs to be covered without stopping the presentation to switch speakers. 

Emeth Thompson

* Hello Team, 
  
  For all of our grades' sake, if we insist using wiki pages as the only reference for reference, we will be way left behind. Any team I have ever asked about this review has prepared slides. I don't understand why Emeth, who is the team manager has so low requires on him, and how come Ranger is just going to skip this slides thing?! I wondered if he has any finished pencil/graphics or whatever written at all. If Ranger has some difficulty to prepare the slides, I am even willing to help him a little bit, if he ever shows up. 
  
  So far, both Matt and Paul has reviewed my interface design already and they feel it's great. And I am consistently working on the suggestions they have on it. I will uploaded my current GUI into Google drive already and I will update a final version tomorrow morning before 12:00am. 
  
  Since he is the main presenter, and nobody rejects me as the secondary presenter, I will just occupy couple of last minutes after he finished presenting the main issues then. His part can keep the same untouched. 
  
  But to be honest, it feels wired to have a team member doesn't seem to do anything, never replies email but still so much cover by a team manager. 
  
  thanks,
  heyan

* From: Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Sent: Monday, November 10, 2014 4:23 PM
  To: Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu); Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Cc: Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu); Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Subject: Re: Quick Meeting Proposal
  
  So, the only way that it will be worth having a meeting before class tomorrow is if Ranger can show up. He is our main presenter and we can not change things on him last minute. Also, I would like to make note of the email that Bruce sent out about his expectations of the design review. This is the information he is expecting to hear during the presentation:
  
  o  Team name (and members)
  o  Goals
  o  Some background
  o  Status
  o  Future work (this semester and next)
  o  Preliminary conclusions (you are all behind, but how much?)
  
  All the information above has been posted on our project wiki and Ranger can just use this site to support his presentation.
  
  I met with Bruce today to confirm some details. He made it clear that he does not want our detailed design to be presented; he only wants to see the information listed above. We all have been working very hard and want to share the results of our hard work with everyone. Unfortunately, sharing details about our design is not what is being requested for this presentation.
  
  Also, all of our design documents need to be uploaded to the Team's google drive. There are folders created for each diagram that we have been working on.
  
  Emeth Thompson
  
* RE: Quick Meeting Proposal
Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Sent:	Monday, November 10, 2014 3:14 PM
To:	
Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu); Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Cc:	
Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu)
I think worst case situation maybe we could still do 2:30-3:30pm but stay in CSAC for this Tuesday specifically only? That way we could have all our members.

* Re: Quick Meeting Proposal
Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
You replied on 11/10/2014 3:14 PM.
Sent:	Monday, November 10, 2014 3:00 PM
To:	
Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Cc:	
Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu); Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu)
I am conducting a 120 lab during this time.
 
Emeth

* Re: Quick Meeting Proposal
Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Sent:	Monday, November 10, 2014 2:49 PM
To:	
Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Cc:	
Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu); Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu); Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
I csac hours then but you guys can meet without me and fill me in. 

-Matt

* Quick Meeting Proposal
Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Sent:	Monday, November 10, 2014 2:48 PM
To:	
Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu); Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu); Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu); Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
Hi everyone,

Would any of you have time for a quick meeting tomorrow from 10-11?

It would be nice to finalize a few things about the presentation before presenting.

Thanks,

Paul.
   
* Hello Tower iLLuminati, 
  
  I have attached my most recently updated project GUI interface for your reference. Followed I listed several concerns about the GUI design:
** According to Matt's help review this morning when we have CSAC hours together, it was my fault that changed the team project's direction square into one line of 8 direction buttons. I felt the direction square was more a reflect of Paul and Emeth's ideas cause Paul created it when they two together for snapshot day. If all of you insist to use square, I will change it back to be a square before RGB line;
** My first priority is to update the "Frame Start Time" and "Increment Amount" two boxes so that they display like "00:00.125";
** Second priority is to FRAME left hand side 2D buttons and preview one frame 2D array buttons so we know which one is current;
** Minor alignment issues with RGB line boxes;
   
   I still have questions about design though. My main ideas are like:
** Since our project is too easy to implement, I think we should include "Wrap" button to wrap pattons from opposite direction, like one button color fall down off 2D array, with "Wrap", next frame the colored button is supposed to appear from top row same column;
** Undo and Redo buttons to remember 10 step back use two stacks;
** A FIFO queue to remember certain amount of most recently used colors for our client's convenience;
   
   I listed these ideas out so that every body can comment and I will still have about one day to make it better. So if you have any questions or concern, please don't hesitate to let us know. 
   
   As indicate from previous emails, I volunteer for secondary presenter, and I call for hard work for this design review. I suggest we meet at least once before tomorrow's class to settle all details down, and I will also demo GUI interface. Paul and me are going to meet 2:30pm today, we will discuss our sub-team's progress, but since it's easy and simple, I am more than happy to see all the rest of you there in CSAC if you are available. Or for our team meeting, we could still meet some other time other place.
   
   Ranger and Emeth, According to 10/23's team minutes, you two are responsible for Class Diagram. I am wondering when will it due and when we can take a look. Ranger, make sure you have slides ready for us to review before last minute. If you have any difficulty, let us know as soon as possible. 
   
   thanks,
   heyan


* Paul,
  
  Glad to see that at least you and me are able to reach to some agreement, and sure we can meet at 2:30 as you and I have planned on last Thursday. We will discuss about our subteam's progress, and you will continue to make necessary labels with your excellent graphics skills and documentation for our sub-team project, while I am continuously working on the GUI basic functionalities. 
  
  Cheers, 
  Heyan.
  
* Re: presentation video outline
  Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Sent:	Sunday, November 09, 2014 8:58 PM
  To:	
  Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu); Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu); Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Heyan,
  
  I am looking forward to seeing your progress in the QT GUI that you have been working on so hard. Let's meet tomorrow at 2:30 as we have planned and we can discuss progress and I will make documentation and labels for our sub-team project. 
  
  Cheers,
  
  Paul.
  
* Hello Emeth, 
  
  It is the fact that "We do not have a team meeting time between now and the review day", but for the importance of design review, we could add up one to settle down all the details. What you said from this email is more your personal opinion rather than a team decision. 
  
  It was you and Paul's work for the last snapshot day. On the one side, I appreciate that you two take the responsibility to work for it. But on the other side, I felt I missed that chance to join and make our snapshot day performs better. Since this is probably the last chance to significantly improve our grades (even you don't care about yours, I do care about mine!), as professor Bruce stated that we were slightly left behind already. 
  
  Since we missed our chance to perform great and make great work on snapshot day, I don't want to miss this chance again. So here, I call for hard work to rank our team top this time. Prepare slides and make interface demo ready. And I am working on the interface now!
  
  And I insisted that we should have an add-up meeting before Tuesday's review time, and I volunteer to be the secondary presenter. 
  
  Thanks. 
  -Heyan
  
* Re: presentation video outline
  Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Sent:	Sunday, November 09, 2014 7:30 PM
  To:	
  Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu); Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu); Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Hello all,
  
  We do not have a team meeting time between now and the review day to discuss major changes to the presentation. For now, we will stick to the plan that we decided upon and continue to work toward our current goals.
  
  Thank you,
  Emeth Thompson
  
* Hello Paul, 
  
  You missed the point that except a presentation that only uses slides and a lecture, we are going to have a interface demo. In fact, I am here to volunteer that together with Ranger, I will be the secondary presenter cause the project allows for couple of people to present from each team, which compensates the video part. You all can comment if you have any rejections. 
  
  And since you really have time, as a sub-team for GUI design, I worked hard on the GUI interface design, could you please go ahead and start to work on the GUI interface labeling and documentation? I think for the coming two days, I will still focus on my design, and I will update you the latest GUI interface tomorrow morning. That we, both you and me performs best both individually and as a team. 
  
  thanks,
  Heyan
  
* Re: presentation video outline
  Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Sent:	Sunday, November 09, 2014 5:28 PM
  To:	
  Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu); Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu); Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Heyan and Emeth,
  
  Thank you both for your input. I feel like making a short 30 - 45 second video clip as Emeth has suggested can be a useful addition to Ranger's presentation. The point of adding this clip would be to enhance the presentation and will not take over the presentation. Heyan, I understand your concern, and I agree that we should not replace the presentation with a video. However, I feel that adding a very  short video to part of the presentation can be used to enhance the presentation and will hopefully offer the audience more clarity than they would receive from a presentation that only uses slides and a lecture. 
  
  Both of you have great ideas. Emeth wants to offer the audience a visual example, and Heyan wants to make sure that we do not leave out the Design Review requirements. I feel like we can accomplish both of these goals. Let me make a short clip and I will present it to the team before the presentation. As long as the clip enhances the presentation, we will leave it in. If the group votes that it does not help the presentation, we will leave it out. It is worth a try, and may help the audience better understand our project. 
  
  Thank you both for your insight.
  
  Paul
  
* Hello Tower iLLuminati, 
  
  I completely disagree with Emeth about the video part. 
  
  This Senior Design course is more about preparing and practicing us to think and behave in software engineer world. Sure it will be easier with a video, but we should not miss the initiative and basic requirements like, present slides with describe our software with logical thinking. And do basic interface demo. I don't think it is appropriate for us to use Paul's talent for graphics and video making, yet even he is very good at presentation, but he was not selected as our presenter. 
  
  So my idea is that we do most basic presentation like every other team could do, prepare simple slides to indicate Goal and main functionalities, simple interface demo, and skip the video part. But put more effort on what we should do. I mean we don't even have a good and complete design yet, what's the point for video demo? We should NOT miss the "Design Review" requirements.
  
  I state this one out for short and immediately so that we can discuss and vote for solutions. 
  
  Thanks, 
  Heyan
  
* presentation video outline
  Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Sent:	Sunday, November 09, 2014 1:27 PM
  To:	
  Bailey, Paul (bail1806@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  Cc:	
  Adams, Ranger (adam6860@vandals.uidaho.edu); Brown, Matthew (matt2714@vandals.uidaho.edu); Huang, Heyan (heyanh@vandals.uidaho.edu); Thompson, Emeth (thom5468@vandals.uidaho.edu)
  This email is for Paul but everyone can comment on it if they think changes are needed.
  
  Hello Paul,
  
  Below is a description of a short video that would be played during our Design review presentation. 
  
  The video should illustrate the specific issues in the old animator that we are going to resolve in the new animator. The main problem that our design will solve is the sheer number of mouse clicks the old animator requires to do even a simple animation. To make this clear, I think the video should start with a short animation. For this, animate a single horizontal line starting at the bottom of the frame, moves up one level per frame, and ends at the top. Choose a increment of about 1 second per frame so that the viewer has time to understand how simple the animation is. After the animation is complete maybe pause on the last frame for a few seconds and add an overlay that says something like, "Took 'X' number of clicks to make!!!". Then transition to a video that shows a small segment of the animation process. In this part show that color needs to be added and removed for each frame. I'd like the video to take no longer than 30-45 seconds (just depends on how long the second part of the video takes) and Ranger can speak during the entire video. 
  
  I think the video can serve as an introduction in the presentation and still leave plenty of time for Ranger to talk about the features that make animating easier. I'd prefer the video to be uploaded to YouTube and then we can link it to our Wiki page. If you don't want to contaminate your personal channel with school stuff then please make a "dummy" channel and place the video there. Please send me a link to it when you are finished. 
  
  Please let me know if you have any questions.
  
  Thanks,
  Emeth Thompson
